move Web/API/Element/openOrClosedShadowRoot (#23989)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/dom/index.md

---
title: dom
slug: Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/dom
tags:
  - API
  - Add-ons
  - DOM
  - Extensions
  - WebExtensions
browser-compat: webextensions.api.dom
---

{{AddonSidebar}}

> Use the `chrome.dom` API to access special DOM APIs for Extensions.

Reviewer: To align with this with the way webextension APIs are described on MDN:
```suggestion
Access special extension only DOM features.
```

## Functions

- {{WebExtAPIRef("dom.openOrClosedShadowRoot()")}}

>   - : Gets the open shadow root or the closed shadow root hosted by the specified element. If the element doesn't attach the shadow root, it will return null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Gets the open shadow root or the closed shadow root hosted by the specified element. If the element doesn't attach to the shadow root, it returns null.
```

Reviewer: As suggested below
```suggestion
  - : Gets the open shadow root or the closed shadow root hosted by the specified element. If the shadow root isn't attached to the element, it will return `null`.
```
